Use the SDL policy server data as a model for parsing URL response (#37)
smartdevicelink/sdl_security_ios: README.md

### Certificate URL
The `CertQAURL` URL in the **SDLPrivateSecurityConstants.m** file should be updated to point to a database that will return certificate data for a specific SDL `appID`. The certificate data will be stored on disk as a `.pfx` file so it can persist between app sessions. If the certificate has expired, the library will automatically try to download a new certificate. 

> Depending on the what you return for the certificate request, you may have to update how the certificate is extracted from the JSON object in **_SDLCertificateManager.m**. Currently the certificate manager is setup to handle parsing this JSON format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the response you return for the certificate request, you may need to update how the certificate is extracted from the JSON object in **_SDLCertificateManager.m**. Currently the certificate manager is set up to handle parsing this JSON format:
```

```
{
  "meta": {

>   "request_id": "...",

Reviewer: What information / kind of information goes in here? Should that be documented?

Author: I added some detail.

    "code": 200,
    "message": null
  },
  "data": {

>     "certificate": "..."

Reviewer: What information / kind of information goes in here?

Author: I added some detail.
